Added note per bug (#320)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-platform-cli-commands.adoc

> api-mgr api deploy [options] <apiInstanceId>
----

This command deploys the API instance passed in <apiInstanceId> to the deployment target specified using the options described below.

[NOTE]

> This command is only supported for non-proxy API apps.

Reviewer: This command only applies to APIs Managed that have "Endpoint with Proxy" selected or if they where created using `--withProxy` via the CLI, so the proper wording I suggest is:

```suggestion
This command is only supported for endpoints with proxy.
```
